README.md, before:

# 🥒 GurkeCrypt

GurkeCrypt is a simple and fast Rust-based tool for encoding and decoding secret messages using:
- Morse code
- Runic alphabet
- Mobile phone cipher (based on phone keypads)

# ✨ Motivation

This project was created as a lightweight and handy utility for preparing encrypted messages for children's summer camps. These camps often involve treasure hunts and adventure games that use ciphers to create engaging puzzles and clues.

As the author, I’ve spent most of my life involved in these camps — first as a child, later as a leader — and I wanted to build a tool that would make it easy to prepare and decode messages in a fun and flexible way.

# 🛠 Project TODOs:
- [x] Remove Console in Release build
- [x] Fix icon in programs header
- [x] Release first version
- [ ] Add context menu to show settings, alphabets, ...
- [ ] Add settings tab for future modyfing
- [ ] Add settings to modify morse .- symbols to the optional one
- [ ] Add alphabets to alphabets tab
- [ ] Add custom encode/decode, gui buttons for loading, extracting, modyfing in settings tab
- [ ] Change Character count to Input character count and add Output character count

# 📬 Contact & Feedback
If you have suggestions, want to request a feature, or just want to share your feedback, feel free to reach out via email:
<u><a href="mailto:jirijaskowiec@seznam.cz">jirijaskowiec@seznam.cz</a></u>

I'd love to hear how you're using GurkeCrypt or how I can make it better!

# 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE).

It uses third-party libraries and fonts that have their own licenses:
- [Noto Runic font](https://github.com/notofonts/runic) — licensed under the [SIL Open Font License 1.1](https://openfontlicense.org/).
- Other dependencies and their licenses are listed in [`licenses/dependencies.txt`](licenses/dependencies.txt).

Commit message:

add Download to README.md

README.md, after:

# 🥒 GurkeCrypt

GurkeCrypt is a simple and fast Rust-based tool for encoding and decoding secret messages using:
- Morse code
- Runic alphabet
- Mobile phone cipher (based on phone keypads)

# ✨ Motivation

This project was created as a lightweight and handy utility for preparing encrypted messages for children's summer camps. These camps often involve treasure hunts and adventure games that use ciphers to create engaging puzzles and clues.

As the author, I’ve spent most of my life involved in these camps — first as a child, later as a leader — and I wanted to build a tool that would make it easy to prepare and decode messages in a fun and flexible way.

# 📦 Download

You can download the latest Windows binary from the [Releases](https://github.com/Jazzman94/gurkecrypt/releases) page.

➡️ [Download GurkeCrypt for Windows](https://github.com/Jazzman94/gurkecrypt/releases/download/v0.1.0/gurkecrypt.exe)

# 🛠 Project TODOs:
- [x] Remove Console in Release build
- [x] Fix icon in programs header
- [x] Release first version
- [ ] Add context menu to show settings, alphabets, ...
- [ ] Add settings tab for future modyfing
- [ ] Add settings to modify morse .- symbols to the optional one
- [ ] Add alphabets to alphabets tab
- [ ] Add custom encode/decode, gui buttons for loading, extracting, modyfing in settings tab
- [ ] Change Character count to Input character count and add Output character count

# 📬 Contact & Feedback
If you have suggestions, want to request a feature, or just want to share your feedback, feel free to reach out via email:
<u><a href="mailto:jirijaskowiec@seznam.cz">jirijaskowiec@seznam.cz</a></u>

I'd love to hear how you're using GurkeCrypt or how I can make it better!

# 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE).

It uses third-party libraries and fonts that have their own licenses:
- [Noto Runic font](https://github.com/notofonts/runic) — licensed under the [SIL Open Font License 1.1](https://openfontlicense.org/).
- Other dependencies and their licenses are listed in [`licenses/dependencies.txt`](licenses/dependencies.txt).
